Robert Dale “Frog” McAdams, 69, of Winona, Missouri departed this life on February 19, 2019 at Ozarks Medical Center, West Plains, Missouri. He was born March 25, 1949 in Winona, Missouri, the son of Elmer and Beacie (Barrett) McAdams.

Frog impressed a young Barbara Simpson while racing around Winona in a fast car. She became his wife on September 19, 1969. Two children were born to this union, Ernest Dale and Jennifer Sue.

He is survived by his loving wife, Barbara; children, Ernest and wife, Jennifer, of Mountain View, MO and Jennifer Mullins and husband, Steven, of Winona; three sisters, Patsy Harper, Winona, MO, Linda Nichols and husband, Duane, Eminence, MO, and Donna Autrey and husband, Jack, Mountain View, MO; one brother, Larry McAdams and wife, Linda, West Plains, MO; five grandchildren, Bradley Coomer and wife, Crystal, Mountain View, Tyler McAdams, Mountain View, Aaron, Allison, and Raylee Mullins, all of Winona; and four great grandchildren, Jetaime, Jazlynn, Kyndall, and Easton.

Those who precede him in death are his grandparents, Otto and Minnie Barrett; parents, Elmer and Beacie McAdams; father and mother-in-law, Ernest and Irene Simpson; brother-in-law, Larry Harper; nephew, Terry Nichols; and great nephew, Mikey Sanders.

Frog worked at a filling station while he was in school. He spent the remainder of his career as a truck driver in the timber industry. He enjoyed deer hunting and spending time with his family.

Frog was an unforgettable person to be around. He loved giving the people he loved a hard time. He also had a great sense of humor and loved to make people laugh.

In his life, he had many trucks, many employees, and many great memories made with both. His family and friends thought of him as a hard-working man and someone that would help any was he could.

Funeral services will be held at 1:00 p.m. Friday, February 22, 2019 at Assembly of God Church, Winona with Pastor Richard Dement officiating. Visitation will be Thursday evening from 6:00-8:00 p.m. at Yarber Mortuary, Winona. Interment will be in Mt. Zion Cemetery, Winona.
