Larry Wayne Harper was born July 4, 1948 at Hastings OK the son of Marshall Lee Harper and Nelda Jean (Bridges) Harper. He departed this life April 16, 2013 at his home in Winona, MO, at the age of 64 years 9 months.



He proudly served in the United States Air Force from March of 1968 through December of 1973 and the Air Force reserves until February of 1980. Larry was employed as a police officer in Moore OK from 1979 until 1988. He was a 4th degree member of the Knights of Columbus Assembly 3196 in West Plains, MO and a member of the American Legion post 0509 in Birch Tree, MO.



Larry was united in marriage to Patsy McAdams Sanders on October 26, 1979 in Norman, Oklahoma. And from that moment on Larry praised the Lord for giving him Patsy to love and take care of him. To this marriage no children were born.



He is preceded in death by his parents Marshall and Nelda Harper, one grandson Michael Gilbert Sanders, and his in laws Dale McAdams and Beacie Barrett Copeland.



Larry is survived by his Wife Patsy Harper of Winona, MO; 2 brothers Randy Harper and wife Beth of Oklahoma City, OK, and Rodney Harper and wife Michelle of Yukon, OK; 2 brother in laws Larry McAdams and wife Linda of West Plains, MO and Robert McAdams and wife Barbara of Winona, MO; 2 sister in laws Linda Nichols and husband Dwain of Eminence, MO and Donna Autrey and husband Jack of Mt. View, MO; 2 children Dallas Renae Harper Benson and husband Stuart of San Antonio, TX and Travis Wayne Harper White of Washington D.C.; 3 step sons that he loved as his own Michael R. Sanders and wife Jennifer of Doniphan, MO, Markel J. Sanders of Winona, MO and Ricky D. Sanders and wife Janet of Birch Tree, MO; 6 grandchildren Salena Borgman, Casen and Crystal Sanders, Michael Rico, Lauryn and Caitlyn Gilchrist; 7 great grandchildren Bryce, Jordan, Jayden, Treyton, Landon, Hayden and Madilyn; and several nieces and nephews.



He will sadly be missed by all that knew and loved him
Published Duncan Funeral Home website
