Dortha Della Brawley was born September 30, 1921 in New Liberty, MO the daughter of Omer Everett Weaver and Lula Elizabeth (Reed) Weaver. She passed away September 27, 2010 at Birch Tree, MO at the age of 88 years.

She was united in marriage to Delbert Jackson Brawley on February 26, 1941 in Eminence, MO and to this union two children were born.

Dortha was preceded in death by her parents Omer and Lula Weaver; husband Delbert Jackson Brawley; three brothers Harold Dewey Weaver, Stillman Weaver and Abe S. Weaver; and two sisters Velma Weaver and Elzada (Weaver) Dunn.

She is survived by her son James "Jim" Brawley and wife Donna of Winona, MO; one daughter Rita Norton and husband Leland of Winona, MO; three sisters Mona Lue Martin of Winona, MO, Lena Johnston of Atwater, CA and Wilma Partney and husband Norman of Stover, MO; four grandchildren David Brawley of Winona, MO, Darrin Brawley and wife Sheila of Hollister, MO, Aaron Norton and wife Deana of Winona, MO, and Carla (Norton) White of Farmington, MO; five great grandchildren Hayden Brawley, Justin Norton, Andrea Norton, Andrew White and Brenna White; and a host of other family and friends.

Dortha was a lifelong member of the Church of Christ in Winona, MO. She loved attending Gospel Meetings and area singings especially at Pomona, Willow Springs and Mountain View. As long as she was able, she would invite the entire church for dinner every Sunday afternoon. She loved cooking for others and decorating cakes, and has most likely made cakes for half the people in Winona. Dortha helped care for her parents for nearly 17 years. Most of all, she loved spending time with her friends, family and church family.

She will be sadly missed by all who knew and loved her.

Funeral services were held Thursday, September 30, 2010 at the Duncan Funeral Chapel in Winona, MO with Bro. Charlie Rymer, Bro. Larry Yarber and Bro. David Long officiating. Interment was in Mt. Zion Cemetery in Winona, MO under the direction of Duncan Funeral Homes.
