At the Veteran's hospital, Poplar Bluff, Mo., in the early gloomy hours of August 17th, a dearly beloved Spanish–American War veteran passed away. He was Joseph H. Witting, 84 years old, of idle estate, Star Route, Winona, Missouri.

Mr. Witting and his wife, Onita, were newcomers to the Ozarks, having resided at their lovely home, Los Pinos, just twenty-six months. For years they had been searching through Illinois, Arkansas and Missouri and finally chose this spot in Shannon County. Like most city folks they hungered for space, clean air and to be privileged to look up the sky without building obstruction and smoke stacks. Mrs. Witting about remarked, "It is like being reborn, getting acquainted with God all over again." They both worked hard at getting settled, saying that the days were no long enough, and expressing wishes that they might have moved here years ago. Life here, seemed so precious, the hours so elusive, the certainty so uncertain. But they were both thankful that at last they could share the clean air, the beautiful sunrise and sunsets and enjoy the bird-songs and the pines that surrounded them. Both, were nature-lovers and yearned for all this.

During Mr. Witting's retirement in St. Louis, before they moved here, he kept busy, surrounding his life with as much beauty as possible. Both he and his wife loved antiques, so he could collected clocks, paintings, fine silver, for and soon he was established as an exceptional Art Critic. Many people, especially older couples pealed to them with family heirlooms, come called upon him for advice before they volunteered, would sell their prized possessions as many are forced to do at a was a true "rugred later stage in life. He individualist!, with an too had to part with alert mind, a re-his favorite pieces of tentative memory and art, expressing, "extremely confidant bought what I loved, that he could face any enjoyed it all. Now, odds. After the war someone else can ap- he spent exciting preciate its beauty for years building roads awhile. My wife and I and other con-have other plans."

The Wittings then lived on the fringe of "Antique Row", a well known section of St. Louis, now called later "Gaslight Square." Connoisseurs of Art, Dealers and Buyers still frequent this section, plus writers, playwrights, songsters, drama-groups, poets, well-known musicians and Beatles. Mr. Witting, could lived easily recognize a Spanish-pony, abhored pseudo-isms in people and overly procrastination. He him a tiny carving, an exquisit vase, A rare painting, was not just a beautiful tangible item. In each he always said he saw the hand of the Diety, strength, for without God-given talent, man could not have accomplished such. This applied also to great writing, he said, whether the Author be well-known or just once inspired. His pet phrase was, "To get the best results you have to work hard at whatever you do."

Joseph's mother died in childbirth on New Year's Day and with-in a few weeks he was placed in an Orphanage in Cleveland, Ohio, and forgotten about. He had many unpleasant memories of those early years and always yearned for the mother he never knew. (The Shannon County Democrat, May 10th, 1962 published an article of his, "Earth's Rarest Gift, 'A Mother's Love,'" In those days in most Orphan Homes, children were mistreated and like other husky boys, he was placed on farms to work. Boys were often half-fed, whipped unfed, whipped unfed, we're twelve he ran away in tattered clothes, with strap-marks on his back. Those years were rough, begging for work and finally learning how to be a human being with pride. It didn't take long until he had substantial work and proud books he had secretly yearned for. He said he was not an omniverous reader, but an avid one, concentrating on subjects that appealed to him. Then came the Spanish-American War and he volunteered by prized 3 years.

By this time Joseph was forced to do at a a true "rugged individualist", with an alert mind, a tentative memory and extremely confidant that he could face any odds. After the war he spent exciting years building roads and other construction in the wilds of Central and South America. During this time he was bitten by an insect, that in later life caused him an extended illness, followed by frequent attacks of a strange and severe fever. Without willpower and his (at friends times) incoherent mumblings of the Latin Languages, he would never have survived. He wanted to teach Spanish because he loved it and most and he also recognized the fact, that the outdoor type of work was not for him, anymore, maybe never. He studied Business technique, while regaining his strength, started dreaming of being a business executive small business empire with an office in New York and Chicago, having many people under his supervision. Then, illness again. Things went to smash. Another recovery period, another foothold in life, many types of work, then, Depression, illness, Saleswork of an easier type, then re-tired man.

During the Depression, while the work lasted, he was Foreman of the River des Peres Project, involving miles of ripraping. Also, there were a few other construction projects under his supervision, which slightly reminded him of his days in South America. Only now, times were different. People had different ideas, he said. They didn't love to work, they worked only because they loved money. Singing in a gang, was almost unheard of, but Mr. Witting liked to have his men sing while they worked. It brought out the inhibitions and created a better fellowship. The joke about leaning on shovels, made "Mister Joe" laugh. His men were treated with fairness and decency. He had seen enough in his lifetime to recognize true values.

This unusual man was in his early six-ties when he taught himself to play the piano with notes. It had been well accomplished by ear, but now, with the time for fulfillment of his desires, piano relaxation headed his schedule. Learning notes was fascinating then he composed and transposed. Next he bought a guitar for himself, then one for his wife and en-couraged her to play. Mrs. Witting played the piano for years, learning the guitar was easy for her. Then, there was a follow-up of Singing Saws. That was fun and brought great amusement for the friends that enter-tained. Evening spent at the Wittings, and Sunday afternoons, were greatly ened him, and he al-ways had so much of worthiness to say on a given subject. Friends said of him, "He is such a sparkling conversationalist." But, beyond mere words, he was also a friend that never failed someone in need. Many late hours he sat at the bedside of the sick, consoled the bereaved, took upon himself responsibilities that many might shirk.

During the Depression, he wrote a poem dedicated to the late President, Franklin D. Roosevelt. In return he received a beautifully worded acknowledgement from the White House, dated Feb. 24, 1938. It was written by Secy. to the President, M. A. LeHand.

There were many fine acknowledgements from persons and groups regarding poetry and verse that he dedicated. In March 1953, Mr. Witting, was made Honorary member of the Mark Twain Society, of which the Rt. Honorable Winston Churchill, is the English representative and Booth Tarkington, the American.

In April 1958, he was elected as a member to the National Geographic Society. His book of fine verse published by the Pageant Press, was distributed widely over bookstands and graciously received. The title is full of meaning, "Ancestral Atoms," and his subject matter current with present day. Quoted from the jacket:
"Mr. Witting has studied rhymes schemes and poetry masters for many years, and this book is adequate proof that the author has been an excellent student in the art of writing... is a veteran of four eigh wars, and the Military Order of the Serpent. Rse hobbies include music and 'making friends.' On the day of the funeral when the very kind Earl Sigler, Pastor of the Christian Church in Winona, said, "Mr. Witting was a newcomer to our community and we were happy to receive both him and his wife. We immediately felt the warmth and friendliness..." Those words were beautiful and true spoken words. And, when the lovely choir ladies sang those three songs he had sung so often and while he played, I know the widow cherished each word. From 'Old Rugged Cross,' "Found, He'll call me someday to my home far away..."

Mr. Witting remarked, not long ago, openly the background of this distinguished couple. Too many times one gets too little recognition for a lifetime well-spent in Christian living. I learned much from this man. I wish to extend my praise.

A bit of verse from his book:
When my last breath has left my clay: It may be on some future day, a gust of wind will swirl along, filled with whispers of well-loved song.

Current Wave
October 4, 1962
