Peggy Ann Hale was born on March 9, 1934, at her maternal grandparents' farm west of Fremont, Missouri. Her parents were Robert L. "Bob" Hale and Maude Elizabeth (Hollis) Hale. In the autumn of 1936, the family moved to Fishertown in Winona where the Hale family owned property. Peggy was educated in the Winona public schools. She often mentioned fond memories of classmates and favorite high school teachers, especially Glen O. Brown. On January 21, 1956, Peggy and Willie Dixon were united in marriage in Hernando, Mississippi.



Before a medical condition forced her to retire in late 1993, Peggy was employed at Paramount Cap Manufacturing Company for over 40 years as a sewist and floor supervisor. Peggy passed away on January 28, 2025, after a lengthy illness.



Peggy was preceded in death by her husband, Willie B Dixon; her son, Jeffrey Philip Dixon; and granddaughter, Jessica Elaine Voyles.



Those left to mark and mourn her passing are daughters, Cheryl Ann Dillard (Roger) and Elizabeth Lynn Voyles (Gordon); daughter-in-law, Veronica Dixon; brother, Richard F Hale; grandchildren, Becky Dillard Craig (Jeremy), Lori Dillard Miller (Gabe), Michael Voyles (Cindy), Deanna Dillard Hohman (Steve), Morgan Dixon Rhea (Jake), Macie Dixon Dodson (Briar), and McCade Dixon; great-grandchildren, Brennan Miller, Dillon Voyles, Bret Sherman, Dalton Voyles, Emma Hefley, Elaina Craig, Andrew Craig, Henry Hohman, Walter Hohman, Owen Rhea, Hollis Rhea, and Eastan Rhea; great-great-grandchildren, Eli, Emmie, Dayton, Whitney, Baylor, and Maggie; and numerous other relatives and friends.



Peggy loved her family, Winona, Missouri, jig dancing, her church, the St. Louis Cardinals, the Winona Senior Center where she was a very good and serious Pitch cards player, she was an excellent cook - especially pies, and Peggy often expressed her pride in being a staunch conservative. Peggy told of fun times at her grandparents' farm playing with her Uncle Tommy Hollis and cousin, Paul Lowe.



A private immediate family graveside service is planned at Mt. Zion Cemetery, Winona, Missouri, under the direction of Yarber Mortuary, Winona. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Jeff Dixon Memorial Scholarship Fund (for WHS graduates who will be college or trade school scholars) at Security Bank of the Ozarks in Winona, MO. Or mail donations to: David Proctor, Imperial Mfg, 8343 State Hwy 19, Winona, MO 65588.
