Evelyn C. Roberts, daughter of the late John W. and Amna (Despain) Copeland, was born March 19, 1920 in Winona, Mo. and departed this life January 16, 2012 int her residence in Winona, Mo. She had attained the age of 91 years, 9 months and 29 days.

Other than the time that she worked in San Francisco during World War II, Evelyn lived her life in Winona, Mo. She retired from the Winona R-3 School District in 1979 where she had served as secretary to the superintendent of schools. She was a member of the Christian Church where she had been a Sunday School teacher and faithful worker in the church until her health would no longer allow. Evelyn's greatest delights were spending time with her children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren as well as enjoying beautiful days swimming in the Current River and sitting on the porch of her beloved A-frame cabin in Van Buren. She enjoyed cooking and entertaining family and friends, as well as reading and bird-watching. Evelyn will be remembered by many as the classy lady with the big smile and kind heart.

On March 12, 1937 she was united in marriage to Joe W. Roberts of Charleston, Mo. who preceded her in death in 1998. Others preceding in death include seven brothers: Ray, Herbert, Glen, Carl, Robert, Muriel and Charles; and two sisters: Opal and Mildred. Evelyn is survived by a son, Dr. Jon Roberts and wife, Suellen, of Mountain View, Mo.; a daughter, Susan Reed and husband, Ron, of Van Buren, Mo.; five grandchildren: Shawn Moore, Nathan Reed (Stacy), Curtis Roberts, Jessica Coldwell (Kevin), Janie Okenfuss (Todd); eight great-grandchildren: Ashley, Gwendolyn (Ty), Christopher, Dalton, Addison, Aiden, Lane, Kendall; and one great-great-grandchild: Sarah, along with many other relatives and friends.

In lieu of flowers, and in honor of her commitment to church and youth, donations may be made to the Christian Church Backpack Program, PO Box 403, Highway 19, Winona, MO 65588.

Funeral services will be held Thursday, January 19, 2012 in the Winona Christian Church in Winona, Mo. with Rev. Adam Gordon and Bro. J.C. Kuessner officiating. Interment will be in Mt. Zion Cemetery in Winona, Mo. under the direction of Duncan Funeral Homes.
