ames Cary 'Jay' Simpson was born September 26, 1974, at St Charles, Missouri, son of the late James Forrest 'Jim' Simpson and Donita Barkley. He passed away at his home in Lenexa, Kansas, the morning of Mar. 4, 2015.

Jay married Tracey Alison Gumbs on July 16, 2005, in Kansas City, Missouri. Their union produced two beautiful daughters, Kara Marie and Abigail Christine.

Jay is preceded in death by his father, James F. 'Jim' Simpson; his brother Heath T. Herbst; his grandparents, Venton Simpson and Muriel (Norton) Simpson, and Don Barkley.

He is survived by a large family, including his wife, Tracey, and daughters Kara and Abigail; his mother, Donita Barkley; his brothers Wes Herbst (Kristina Cline) and Andrew Herbst, (Jennifer Klimek); nieces and nephews Garen, Lina, Gabriel and Caleb Herbst; grandmother Lois (Campbell) Barkley; uncles Dave Simpson (Diane Weaver), Mark Simpson, (Connie Deckard), Carol (Simpson) Atkins (Bob), John Barkley (Victoria Partridge), Terry Barkley (Mary Lou Brawley) and Gary Barkley (Shirley Bland); mother-in-law Jo Rigassio (Selby O'Rear); father-in-law Al Gumbs (Milli Hogins); sister- in-law Lisa Gumbs (B. J. Jones), and brother-in-law Mark Hogins; sister at heart Jayana DeWolf, and so very many relatives and friends.

Jay loved his family, he loved his friends, and he was a good man.

A Celebration of Life was held at the McGilley-Hoge Memorial Chapel in Overland Park, Kansas on Saturday, March 7, 2015.
Funeral services were conducted at the Duncan Funeral Chapel in Winona, MO on Monday, March 9, 2015. Interment was in Mount Zion Cemetery.

Euglogy by Jayana DeWolf:
How does one describe Jay in a few paragraphs? In so many ways he was larger than life. He was so diverse in his interests and lifestyle and he had so very many friends, from his preschool friends to now. As a child, he was gifted a Super Heroes set – now referred to as the Justice League – and that was his passion. His mother and his friend Jeremy's mother built a Super City out of a large cardboard box so the two boys had that to play with. Of course, they had all the action figures and vehicles and equipment.

That passion carried over to include Star Wars and G. I. Joe. He had it all. He was introduced to role-playing games when his grandmother gave him the game of Dungeons and Dragons one year for Christmas. That began an intense interest in this new game, and others like it.

Jay was actually quite accomplished at being a Game Master or sometimes referred to as the 'D. M.' He became interested in genealogy, and he applied the researching skills to his game. His artistic abilities came into play in designing the maps and terrain to use in the game. He built his own terrain, and designed his own maps, and was very good at it.

Jay has such a large circle of friends, it would be impossible to name them all. He once said he didn't have a best friend, he had LOTS of best friends, and he did.

Jay accepted Christ as his savior when he lived in Alaska, and was attending a little country-style church in a small village by the Alaska Peninsula, and was baptized. Later, in his teens, he attended the Catholic Church at Mountain View, so he was – that word again – very diverse in his religion, as in everything else. The day before he passed, he spent watching Billy Graham and the Pope and other religious programs, and he made his confession of faith to his mother at that time. We like to imagine him in Heaven now, with his brother Heath and his daddy Jim, singing with the Angels. (Probably singing one of his favorite songs, Whiskey in a Jar, the Metallica version).

Jay loved his head-banging, metal, rock music. It was as much a part of his persona as the gaming, or anything else he was interested in. It was part of what defined him. He was not a 'physical person' in as much as he wasn't into hands-on physical labor. He was more cerebral – he was extremely well-read, everything he did seemed to come easily to him; he was so like his dad in that regard, with his interests in things scientific and mathematical, and like his mother, in that he had her artistic talent and charismatic personality. But aside from all that, he was ALL Jay, he was an individual, and a carbon copy of nobody. He was a leader, not a follower. He set the trend, he didn't follow it.

There is so much more that could be said about Jay, for he was not a simple man, but he was a good man. He had a good heart and a good soul, and he would have been so much more if his health had not declined so rapidly. These past years of his life with his wife and daughters have without a doubt been the happiest and most complete of his life.

The loss of his dad and brother changed him in a profound way, and for the better. He became his family's anchor, and his memory will be cherished forever. Go rest high on that mountain, Jay. Rest in peace.
