Dorothy "Dottie" Lee Russell was born September 11, 1920 at Medco, MO the daughter of Vern Alcorn and Minnie Pearl (Dixon) Alcorn. She passed away on December 13, 2010 at Ozarks Medical Center in West Plains, MO at the age of 90 years.

She was united in marriage to Gordon Russell on March 23, 1945 at Salem, AR and to this union two children were born Vern and Sondra.

Dottie is preceded in death by her parents Vern and Minnie Alcorn; husband Gordon Russell; one son Vern Ray "Sunny" Russell; one grandson Matthew Russell; one brother Bob Alcorn and one sister Naomi Weaver.

She is survived by one daughter Sondra Gordon and husband Yuba of Colorado Springs, CO; one brother Dale "Shot" Alcorn and wife Earlene of New Castle, CO; one sister Leah Corbin of Eminence, MO; two grandchildren Kevin Gordon and wife Lori of Jacksonville, FL and Colleen McElfresh and husband David of Colorado Springs, CO; one great grandson Zachery McElfresh of Colorado Springs, CO; many nieces and nephews; and a host of other family and friends.

Dottie liked gardening and was a great seamstress. She worked hard all her life in a number of industry jobs including a shoe factory, candy plant, upholstery shop, restaurants, a clerk in a grocery store; and worked for the United States Post Office. Dottie lived in Shannon County, MO most of her life until moving to Colorado in 1957, where she resided until moving back to Winona in 1995. For most of the last year, she resided at Mountain View Healthcare in Mountain View, MO.

She will be sadly missed by all who knew and loved her.

Funeral services were held Monday, December 20, 2010 at the Duncan Funeral Chapel in Winona, MO with Bro. Adam Gordon officiating. Interment was in Mt. Zion Cemetery in Winona, MO under the direction of Duncan Funeral Homes.
Current Wave Jan. 12, 2011
Gravesite Details
Dorothy is buried beside her husband, Gordon Russell and her son, Sonny Russell and West of her parents, Verner "Vern" Alcorn and Minnie Pearl Dixon Alcorn.
