Glen Leo Bradshaw was born May 19, 1927 at Winona, MO, the son of Daniel Bradshaw and Cora Jane (Dennings) Bradshaw. He passed away Saturday, November 22, 2008 at his home in Birch Tree, MO at the age of 81 years.
Glen was united in marriage to Mae McBride McAfee on April 10, 1954 at Salem, AR. To this union, five children were born.
Glen was preceded in death by his parents, Dan and Cora Bradshaw; one stepson, Larry W. McAfee; five brothers, Lee Bradshaw, Herman Bradshaw, Lester Bradshaw, Ray Bradshaw and Elmer Bradshaw.
Glen is survived by his wife, Mae Bradshaw of Birch Tree, MO; two sons, Roger Bradshaw and wife, Tammy, of Birch Tree, MO, and Stevie Bradshaw and wife, Sonja, of Birch Tree, MO; one stepson, Jerry McAfee of Birch Tree, MO; three daughters, Glenna Martin and husband, Ronnie, of Birch Tree, MO, Margaret Baker and husband, Freeman, of Birch Tree, MO, and Rose Mary Sechrest and husband, Rick, of Mountain View, MO; one stepdaughter, Betty Murphy and husband, Paul, of Birch Tree, MO; one brother, Everett Bradshaw and wife, Ella Mae, of Low Wassie, MO; two sisters, Bessie Sellars and husband, Vic, of Licking, MO, and Ethel Hines and husband, John, of Shawnee, KS; 23 grandchildren; 28 great-grandchildren and a host of other family and friends.
Glen attended Horner School in the Winona area. He worked for many years at Summit Pole Mill in Winona, MO and later worked several years at the Independent Stave Mill in Birch Tree, MO. In later years, Glen worked in the timber woods.
Glen loved the outdoors. He loved to go fishing, hunting and driving along the rivers. The family remembers the many times on Sunday when they would take their fried chicken and picnic under the shade trees or along the river banks. Glen loved to visit with family and friends. He enjoyed gathering with his family and friends playing music with his guitar and banjo and telling stories.
Glen will be sadly missed by all who knew and loved him.
Funeral services were held Tuesday, November 25, 2008 at 2 PM at the Duncan Funeral Chapel in Winona with Rev. Van Williams officiating. Interment was in Mt. Zion Cemetery under the direction of Duncan Funeral Home of Winona.
